Why does MPC work well on Softmax, GELU, etc.?
MPC: traditional one: secret polynomial, coefficients unknown:
given n+1 different points uniquely interpolate an degree n poly (Lagrange interpolation)
OK, we can share <= n points with peers, enough for computation.

What about exponentiation? sigmoid, threshold functions, etc... transedantal,
really bad for MPC. What if we change them to polynomials? 
OK, then backpropogation fucked: vanishing/exploding gradients, bad
derivatives.

The MPC in the paper:
Section 2.2: same idea as polynomial one, but easier to compute for ML
	application
Section 2.2.2: basically turning floating point to fixed point


CrypTen++:
Section 3.1: how optimized? 1. nvidia cutlass lib better on nvidia gpu. 2. some
	hacks like hummingbird 3. perf bugs (i.e. non-optimal code) 4. a bit more
	interesting, hummingbird, which is like speculative execution in cpus.

Section 3.2: returning to mathematical analysis.
  Most funny observation: observation 2 (testing one's confidence instead of
	correctness)
  Observation 3: I like the most: really good one identifying that
	the same func are used for different purposes in a neural net e^x in softmax
	e.g. is mostly to turn them positive, because the intuition is that softmax is
	like turning them to probabilities.
  Observation 4: complements observation 3

Section 4.1:
	The framework, modular, highly configurable, like what I did in my master's
	thesis!
Section 4.2.2: yeah, need to talk about security in the setting of MPC
Section 4.3: with these insights, CrypTorch essentially turns the problem into
	an optimization problem solved by searching: finding the most optimial
	combination of approximations for this data set and model architecture.
  But here's one problem I am interested in: see the tolerance of error in
	each layer isn't static during training --- it will change as the weights in the
	neural net changes (a bigger weight will cause a bigger amplification of the
	error)
Section 4.4: although detailed, mostly dealing with the nuisances or numerical
	Considerations for different cases, and also keeping the secrecy (via security
	Label in the type).
Section 4.5: Like I said, like a CPU speculative execution. 
  KEY DIFFERENCE: CPU always rolls back safely on incorrect speculation.
	It has a trade-off between benefit and guess errors.
	What if we guessed wrong in HummingBird here? Can we easily detect that?
	Might not without doing a full MPC verification, e.g. 
	can't know if a < b is wrong if both a and b are secrets from different
	parties.
  My guess is that they might tolerate a small amount of errors; but the
	questions is can they ever become significant? Like in some specific
	arrangements they may happen to accumulate or happen to happen at important
	neurons.
	

Section 5:
	Supply chain attacks? how to pull this off? side channel leaking secrets?
	Ex. what if attacker approximates e^x as if (x mod 2 == 0) then cheap e^x
	otherwise expensive e^x?
	Runs it vs runs simply using cheap e^x, maybe get some statistical insight
	into how much proportion of secret is even?

Section 6:
Section 6.1:
  WHY?
	Approximation auto-tuning used the simplest linear search, which worked well.
	The hill-climbing tuner did not produce better results.
  I guess: search results basically reflect the search space. Here the
	trade-off is mostly pretty clear: "knobs" high -> better acc worse perf;
	low -> worse ass better perf. In other words, pretty convex.
Section 6.3:
  Fig 15 very interesting.
	6.3.2, 6.3.4
	1. layer (neuron) sensitivity, depending on weights, data, arch
	6.3.3
	2. most only needs t=0 + clamp for SST2. Suggests that at could under tune
	model for easy tasks.	

Future work:
	1. really need to evaluate security. allowing custom approximations is to allow
one who doesn't control the model to have a say on the computational effects,
etc.
	2. 
section 7.0.4: don't know if the existing NAS design general or MPC-aware
models. If not, we could extend our works which now works on trained models to
then design models with MPC in mind from the start.
	3. we have some insights about how approximation affect things... can we
kind of formally study them in principled way?

