1. stochastic superoptimization:
stochastic process is one which can be completely modelled prbabilistically
Monte Carlo method is to numerically approximate by the law of big numbers
Markov Chain is a sequence of random variables which satisfy the Markov
property by which each step is only dependent on the previous one. (not
necessarily unique)
Connecting theorem: for any distribution function under some conditions (e.g.
finite state space), one can construct a Markov chain whose equillibrium
(limit) distribution equals it.

Why doing this? 
	First motivation: superoptimization, which considers various aspects of
	optimization together, progarm as a whole.	

Section 2
Problems of considering program as a whole:	
	Large space, exponential with length. Complex interaction,
	difficulty to reason with completely. Thus, try searching.
  THOUGHT:
	Fruitful device: using tools from other fields. E.g. ML example:
	data -> train -> model (provider) where data  comes from multiple sources: MPC
	model. Exactly CrypTorch.
	model + private data -> prediction. private data comes from clients. Here
	homomorphic encryption useful.
Biggest problems during searching? 
	1. having a reasonable possibility of reaching near the optimial point
	(some search algorithms wander without reaching if the space is too complex) 
	2. don't get stuck on local minima.

Section 3
How does STOKE address these problems: 
	1. MCMC which is known to perform well on such "irregular functions that
	are dense with local minima" , because of possibilisty to go worse rewrite
	to allow escape from local minima.(reason described in the algo)
	2. a good cost function which directly decides the search space shape
OK, but MCMC isn't directly applicable: it needs a probability distribution,
yet we only have a cost function.
	Section 3.2 (upper right p. 3) describes how to transform the cost func to
	a PDF.
But in which Z is not easily computable.
	No need to compute it! just run the Metropolis-Hastings algo and we got the
	desired proprety at the limit point anyway.
The algo:
	at each step computes a proposal distribution (not the entire func, just
	needed values) and draw rewrites from it. The best proposal, according to
	the paper, is usually the one that has significant possibility for both local
	and global rewrites.
  THOUGHT:
  PRUNING?
	No, fucks up the algorithm which requires every rewrite to be
	possibly reached (albeit some negligible probability).
	It's like why you can't easily prune gradient descent, because some regions,
	even non-optimal, lead to better ones easily.
  BUT some pruning not on search is possible, e.g. Section 4.5 (see later)

Section 4
Main obstacle: compute the cost function (perf), and discard when eq != 0,
in the setting of x86.
- Ensure rewrites eq during searching? Expensive to do exactly.
  Thus does approximation by test cases (still tries the exact eq if
  approximation says eq). Also make the searching smoother than just dropping
  non-eq ones.
	"In addition to performance, Equation 12 has the following de-
	sirable properties. First, failed computations of eq(·) will produce
	a counterexample testcase that may be used to refine τ as described
	in [4]. The careful reader will note that refining τ affects the cost
	function, c(·), and effectively changes the search space that it de-
	fines. However in practice, the number of failed validations that are
	required to produce a robust set of testcases that accurately pre-
	dict success is quite low"
- Compute perf exactly? Also expensive! They authors use heuristics.
- Ways to permute a program? Section 4.3
- Result so far? Competitive with compilers, not experts.
	+ Why? Probably because the two areas are separated and only connected by
	very narrow path ways (another reason why pruning is a bad idea).
- What did they do to get over this problem? Dividing optimization into
  synthesis (finding equivalent classes) and optimiation (searching within
	equiv classes which T is in)
- 4.5 Pruning on eq, not searching !
- 4.6 consider some representative cases to improve eq's equation.
	  THOUGHT: Section 3 and 4 shows the evolution of STOKE, which is remarkble
	  --- a usual paper would only show the final, clean, polished result, not a
	  rough implementation during the process and explain how it failed to meet the
	  expectations.
- 4.7 criticizes its current cost function reliance on the result (i.e.
  treating program as a blackbox), which ignores much of partially correct
  computations. But the insight is that search is often incremental.

Section 5
the process by which STOKE is executed
	IMPROVEMENT: why start with a compiler generated; why not start with expert
	written assembly?
5.2 Where a lot of formal verification methods can be considered. The method
	used here is model checking: encode each instruction as a transformation
	formula and the final assertion as reg_i = reg_i' for i and all memories
	accessed are equal, every formula logically anded together. Check for
	validity.
  Problem? Exponential. Simplify things.

Section 6
evaluation:
6.3 The limits identified here are basically 1. neglected partially correct
	rewrites (4.7) and 2. can not deal with loops.
	Also, some from Hacker's delight timed out (time!).

Future works:
1. basic bottleneck that prevents loops: eq. For now, eq is a two level
process: lv.1 heuristics lv.2 model checking
  My wild idea: Backus' Can Programming be Liberated from the Von Neumann
	Style? Transform only loops, not all, into functional style?
	Challenge: 1. tranform loops this way 2. permute loops this way.
  Also, add more lvs? Maybe think of a formal verification that works fast for
	some classes of programs with eq.
  Another idea: instead of dealing with eq, dealing with loops. Can we
	decompose complex loops into simpler ones? E.g. loop body length,
	conditions within?
2. Time spent (probably why it isn't widely deployed)
  Boring idea: try entirely different searching algorithms like LLMs. 
  Better idea: combine ML with it in good ways. E.g. instead of walking
	randomly, use a ML model to guide the searching.
3. Scalability: more aggrressive pruning? More searching directionals instead
	of optimal or one direction random hillcliming.

