Sec 1 par 3
	What does "scheduling" mean here? I suppose it consists of every detail of
how a given kernel is executed on GPU. But a lot of things can be asked here:
when they say, for a given kernel, at which level are things fixed? Is it the
pseudocode level, or compiled CUDA binary level? Many things can still happen
in between. I don't really know, but the big idea here is about searching for
the most optimal execution details or arrangements for a fixed kernel at some
level.
---------
par 4
	Why do programmers have to ``manually specify the set of available
operators and their implementations?'' I suppose here, even if the optimizer
knows some rules such as a convolution can be calculated by a matrix mult, the
mat mult operator has to be implemented	as a kernel for the optimizer to
instantiate it.
---------
FlashAttention example
	FlashAttention is a python package which implements the flash-decoding idea
mentioned in https://crfm.stanford.edu/2023/10/12/flashdecoding.html. The
example seems to suggest that the optimization strategy used in the
flash-decoding idea cannot be simply implemented within the existing frameworks
of optimizers, and thus takes a rather manual hacking (700 lines) to implement
in Triton.  
--------- 
	Also, it's more than just combining things; we may need
custom kernels which transformations may never reach (e.g. a kernel doing both
things two previous kernels do).
	Combining both and discovering new kernels is what Mirage is able to
achieve with mu-graphs. A mu-graph represents a tensor program and how it's
computed abstractedly.
---------
Stage 1
	It's extremely difficult to cover every possible program and execution
details. Thus, some compromises have to be made: Mirage first splits the input
program into Lax subprograms, which reduces the search space drastically while
still preserving many optimization opportunities.
---------
Stage 2
	Now Mirage can exhausively search for programs with the Lax compromise, but
the search space is still much larger than those of previous works. Thus,
intensive pruning is needed, by "abstract expressions."
	Still, as an exception, for the thread-level, mirage is still using a
rule-based approach.
	Yet another compromise, not on search space, but on equivalence, is made:
Mirage only performs random tests over finite fields (I guess it means finite
input space). But Mirage does provide a theoretical bound of strong
correctness, thanks to the Lax compromise.
---------
Stage 3
	Finally, Mirage perform a second level of optimization: for verified
eq tensor programs, Mirage has a mu-graph optimizer that specifically optimizes
these programs.
	Question: Sec 1 only says mirage returns the optimal program after every
eq tensor mu-graph is optimized by this optimize, but it doesn't say how to
decide among them, i.e., how to measure which is more optimal. Need to look
further.


Sec 2
	mu-graph is a hierachical graph; at each level, the computation is
represented as a graph, and each node of the graph is a finer level
computation which can also be represented by a lower level graph. A mu-graph in
Mirage has three levels:
		kernel graph, where each node is a kernel
		block graph, where each node is computation done in a thread block
		thread graph, where each node a computation done in a single thread
(does it matter to assume it's for a warp, since instructions are scheduled
this way?)

	Overall, mu-graph works on an abstract level of computation; it relies on
the abstract model shown in figure 2. not many details are architecture
specific. It also is limited to optimizing DNN computations, which is why
treating all data as tensors suffices here.

	There are also a few other compromises the mu-graph made which weren't
explicitly emphasized. The I/O map, in particular, only allow a few modes: 1)
for input, split and replica; 2) for output, concatenation. These obviously
can't cover all operations, e.g. overlapping shift for input (for-loop seems to
partially enable this), or merge for output. But I suppose they may be enough
to cover many while drastically reduce the search space. Such crude compromises
can be good for the specific use case of optimizing tensor programs, but might
not work for more general computations on GPU.

	For-loop body: an addition to increase some expressive power. It would seem
that the for-loop would blow up the search space drastically, since it can be
inserted anywhere, cover any computation in iteration, and has many input
split possibilities. Need to check how Mirage searches it.

	Validity defn:
1. "... tensors match the specification of o" seems to mean that the shapes of
the tensors match the operations, which is a very simple type-checking. 
3. seems to limit the power of for-loops as well as search spaces.

My key impression on section 2 of mu-graphs: 
1. at a rather high level. Not much architecture detail (or at all). 
2. a lot of implicitly stated compromises (e.g. i/o limit, for-loop addition,
limited for-loop expressive power) that are made between expressive power and
search space.
	

Sec 3
	Because the division by RMS(X_i) is element-wise, it can be swapped places
quite freely. The mu-graph that Mirage discovered does the MatMul first and the
division later. Such changes opens new opportunities for the so-called
"schedule" optimizations.

Sec 4
	Incrementally build the mu-graph by repeatedly adding the next operator to
an intermediate "prefix" graph, with low-level graphs generated recursively.
Low-level graphs are generated if the operator is graph defined, as opposed to
predefined operators.  This is used until the thread graph level, which is
instead built with a rule-based transformation engine.
	There are still too many to explore naively, so it is pruned by
representing the graphs as abstract expressions, which are formal expressions
in algebra. In particular, dimensions of tensors are ignored and tensors
themselves are treated as smallest objects, except for sum and accum. To get
the abstract expression of a mu-graph, all of its lower-level graphs are
inlined. 
	BTW, the mu-graph representation is not unique for some same GPU
computation. To make it unique, they define a carnonical form which is done by
ranking the operators topologically.
	Also, the abstract expressions are not 100% accurate; they are just good
enough approximations for searching and pruning.
	Moreover, subexpr only considers adding one more operation, instead of
other more complex cancellations.

Sec 5
	A probabilistic algorithm, which, proven by Theorem 2, approaches 0
probability to make a mistake as it is repeated infinitely. One cleverness here
is that they measure per-element equivalence, since each element of the output
tensor can be expressed in a simple form of Equation (2) of input tensor
elements, which avoids the problem of dealing with different dimensions.
	A few conditions need to be met for Theorem 2:
	a. simply mu-graphs as LAX mu-graphs which (1) G contains only multi-linear
operators4 , division, and exponentiation, and (2) every path from an input to
an output in G includes at most one exponentiation.
	b. Use integers instead of float-points to test, which is different from
reality that floats are used in tensor programs.

Sec 6
	I had hoped this covers architecture-dependent optimmizations, but it's
still at an abstract level: just working internally with respect to the
abstract GPU model. 
	It mentiones a cost function but doesn't point out any details, just the
high-level idea of which algorithms to solve each optimization problem.
	Therefore, it's not a second level of GPU-dependent optimization, but still
an abstract optimization, on matters that would blow up mu-graph search space.
Overall, it's the separation that's the key here, which separates some rather
independent details from equivalence testing.
