Section 1. 
	Usefulness in SE: yes. In SE one would ideally want to start with a
concrete spec and invariant of an ADT and then design its interfaces. However,
in reality, it's often that the systems this ADT has to interact with are
alreay there, and one has to somewhat design interfaces before the inv, sadly.

	Even if we ensure the formula I is visibly inductive w.r.t. a set S of all
known construtible states, S might not be the set of all constructible states.
	The purpose, still, of ensuring visible inductiveness, is to at least being
able to treat every counter-ex <s,s'> where s in S as positive. 
	What if we encounter counter-ex <s,s'> where s is not in S? Well, we treat
that as negative during the algorithm for now; and I suppose the algo has a way
to handle when it turns out to be wrong.

	First said "two black-box components: (1) a synthesizer (2) a verifier"
then later seems to care about how the verifier works: "To instantiate the
verification component, we use a form of enumerative test generation. ...
We have also implemented extensions that allow Hanoi to be used with
higher-order code. Here, the main chal- lenge comes in how to extract
counterexamples from higher- order arguments. It turns out that our first-order
scheme for extracting counterexamples is ..."
	I suppose, well, they want to talk about how the verifier works to show how
they extended it to higher-order programs in the paper. Still, at an algo level
they can treat it as a blackbox. That is, they want to emphasize the algorithm
parameterizes them as functions; yet at the same time, they happen to also
invent the verifier.

Section 2
	Pretty straight forward example; but a few interesting points:

	I_* is not the exact set of reachable states which satisfy phi. Instead,
it can be any property that implies phi and is inductive. In other words, over
approximation is allowed with I_* satisfied by unreachable states.
	The defn (phi s) \triangleq forall i : int. 
	~(lookup empty i) /\ (lookup (insert s i) i) /\ ~(lookup (delete s i) i)
is not quantifier free. CHC solvers may prefer quantifier free version.
	Note how the synthesized I_* uses lookup in its defn. That conceptually is
fine. But if in a CHC context, then it might require lookup be encoded in CHC
as well.

Section 2.1
	Basically narrating the algorithm with a concrete example, but with a few
details to keep an eye on:

	What is V-? I think it's an approximation of which states should not
satisfy our candidate. There can be two cases:
	1. ~(phi s) which guarantees that we should include s in V-
	2. found counter-ex <s,s'> to fully inductiveness s.t. s notin V+ and (I s)
but not (I s'). We can't say if s is really reachable, but we suppose it is not
and add s to V-. Later it can be corrected.
	The choice here: we need to restore inductiveness, which, since we know (I
s) and ~(I s'), can either be achieved by forcing ~(I s) = adding s to
V- or forcing (I s') = forcing s' into V+. Why the former instead of the
latter? Well, since we don't know if s or s' is constructible, choosing either
is a compromise: if we choose adding s to V- but later s turns out to be
constructible, the V- becomes imprecise. Similarly, if choosing adding s' to V+
but s' later not constructible, then V+ becomes imprecise. But we want to
ensure V+ is always precise to ensure visible inductiveness, so we sacrifice
V-.

Section 2.2
	Now generalizing to operations of the ADT which takes more than one args,
e.g., union(x1, x2). Then, a counter-ex of inductiveness would be ((x1, x2), y)
where (x1,x2) notin (V+)^2. The problem here is that we face no longer a binary
choice.
	That is, suppose an inductiveness counter-ex is
((x1, ..., xn), y), where some {x_j} are not in V+, we can add any subset of
the {x_j} to V-. Hanoi chooses to add the entire set of {x_j} to V-, taking the
most greedy approach. Why?
	I think it's choosing least synth calls + most correction calls over
more future synth calls (possible overlapping counter-ex) + less correction
calls. Why exactly? Section 4.3 talks about the trade-off, but still not why.


Section 3
	Notice that the paper says "at type X" instead of "of type X". I think it
has a different meaning. When we say something x is ... at type X, ... here is
a statement that ranges over types, that is ... : forall X, type -> bool; a
statement that parameterizes over types.

Section 3.1
	grammar of the prog lang: very simple first order grammar.
Operations of an ADT are 1-types. E.g. 
|- union : alpha -> (alpha -> alpha). 
|- insert: alpha -> (int -> alpha)
 
	Defn 3.1: careful here that f says forall alpha (tau_m -> tau), which means
the first parameter is a type, not a value. C.f. alpha -> (tau_m -> tau)
Basically, f is a function that turns any give concrete ADT and a value of its
signature type tau_m (i.e. impl of the methods), gives a value of type tau.
	What is type tau then? I guess it's any type of values that a program using
a module can produce.
	Defn 3.2 Notice how in defn 3.1 tau can be any type yet here it's
restricted to be an ADT alpha, because it only makes sense to talk about the
specification over alpha, not any random type like int.

Section 3.2 
	Property is basically P : type -> type -> ... -> bool, like a statement, in
type theory.
	One key part: P and Q are allowed to be two different properties.

Figure 3:
	P and Q flipped in -FUN. p. 5 last par explains it, but still don't
understand: yes, the module needs P as input, so all the arg has to do is to
output P. Then, can't its input be another thing, not just Q?
	Guess it's because of covariance, but don't really understand. Another expl
is that module outputs type Q so it gives that to the arg as input... But it
feels so made up: the module can, of course, produce other than P and Q
internally.
	Also, this seems to be a meta-level statment. And we are now using
formalism in the meta-language... how do we even formally manipulate them? 
	p. 6 says S and V in CEx<S, V> are witnesses of the counter-ex. Yes, but in
rule I-A-CEx, nothing tells us that {} -> op -> {v}.
	Maybe it's just a semantic witness which doesnt say anything about the
computation path. The path might just be given elsewhere, not in this
formalism.

Section 3.4: P there should agree in upper and lower cases?

Section 4.1
	Guess they only work on programs, modules, etc. of this prog lang. That is
fine.

Section 4.2
	1. If the higher order function does not take as arg a func which involves
the adt, then the counter-ex value of type adt cannot come from that either.
This case is simple.
	2. But when it does take such args, the paper uses the higher-order
contracts of Findler and Felleisen.

Section 4.3
	Design trade-offs. Mostly for speed, optimization, or convenience. C.f. the
trade-off in section 2.2.

Section 4.4
	Two caching.

Section 5.

Section 5.4
	< 30 mins: When benchmarks complete within the 30 minute bound,
most of the time is spent in verification. Indeed, for all but
two of the terminating benchmarks, the total time spent
synthesizing is under two seconds.
	>= 30 mins:When we
ran Hanoi on our bst set benchmark, it completed in 78.4 minutes. Unlike the
prior benchmarks, the majority of the time (65%) was spent in synthesis.
Moreover, 30% of the total time was spent on the synthesis call that generated
the final invariant.

Section 5.5
	Comp with other works basically supports the design choices of Hanoi.


Section 6.
	Seems said pretty well about things related to CHC.
